Correct OAuth Docs (#98)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal: src/content/apiDocs/oauthTechnical.mdx

Existing Scopes are:

* `profile` - granted by default allows access to a Veteran's first and last name and email.

> * `offline_access` - this scope causes the authorization server to provide an refresh token when the access token is requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `offline_access` - this scope causes the authorization server to provide a refresh token when the access token is requested.
```
